Double click on StreetViewAddin file for install.

Note:
Street View requires WGS84 so add-in projects from your coordinate system current of dataframe to wgs84.
If your coordinate system isn't based on a datum wgs84 set in transformations of dataframe what's trasformation use 
in direction wgs84 (Add-in uses settings in trasformations of dataframe).

Version 1.0: initial version by SIGGIS 
Version 1.1: added resize windows for Google Street View form 
Version 1.2: added tool for Bird's Eye
Version 2.0: Updated to Support ArcGIS Desktop 10.2 by WSDOT and place tools on toolbar
Version 2.1: Updated to Support ArcGIS Desktop 10.3 by WSDOT and repaired StreetView tool, resized image windows; add black point to map when clicking (this is temporary and disappears when map is panned or refreshed), added degrees (rotation) and nudge (move) commands.
Version 2.2: Changed base url to add "Google" default pan/zoom functionality for StreetView. Note - Version 3.1 has been tested with ArcGIS Desktop 10.2.x and 10.3.x.
Version 2.3: Added code to deal with "you are using an old browser, browser not supported" warning message generated by Google StreetView. This is related to the WebControl used in Video Studio which defaults to IE 7 compatibility. Now compatibility is set in the registry to IE10 -or highest version installed.
Version 2.4: Added Debug button to allow you to see the URL being sent to Street View. This can be used to determine if the issue is this application, the URL or your browser. You can cut and paste the displayed URL into, e.g., Chrome, and see if it works there. Note, the application is designed for IE11. In testing it appears the "layer=c" option in the URL had problems in this week (8/15 to 8/19/16) and may have resulted in a GRAY screen when the StreetView window opens.
Version 2.5: For ArcGIS Desktop 10.5 and 10.5.1, replaced the base URL used for both Bing and Google from http to https. Use of the SIGGIS control and website were removed  and replaced with native Bing and Google parameters.  Windows are C# windows launched inside the C# browser controls. If you have issues with the a window saying "You seem to be using an unsupported browser" then the following registry setting need to be set on your computer. This forces 'old' web content to open using the IE 11 browser engine. 
Version 2.5.1: Added registry update step to HLKU to add ArcMap.exe IE 11 support (open with support for newest browser).
Version 2.6: Added for support for ArcGIS Desktop 10.4.x to the 10.5.x package